
This site is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the this site Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the this website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.

Collection of your Personal Information

This site collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. This site also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.

There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by This site. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by This site for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the This site Web site.

Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through This site public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: This site does not read any of your private online communications.

This site encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from This site so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. This site is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the This site and This site family of Web sites.

Use of your Personal Information

This site collects and uses your personal information to operate the This site Web site and deliver the services you have requested. This site also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from This site and its affiliates. This site may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.

This site does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. This site may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, This site may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to This site, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.

This site does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.

This site keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within This site, in order to determine what This site services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within This site to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.

This site Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on This site or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of This site; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of This site, or the public.

Use of Cookies

The This site Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.

One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize This site pages, or register with This site site or services, a cookie helps This site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same This site Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the This site features that you customized.

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the This site services or Web sites you visit.

Security of your Personal Information

This site secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. This site secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.

Changes to this Statement

This site will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. This site encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how This site is protecting your information.

Contact Information

This site welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that This site has not adhered to this Statement, please contact This site at elizclar@gmail.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.



Security and Privacy Policy

      No policy, extended guarantee, or any statement on this site affects the consumers statutory rights.
   1. We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998) and according to the Which? Web Trader Code of Conduct.
   2. We will not share your name or personal details with any third party
   3. We collect information about you for 2 reasons: firstly, to process your order and second, to provide you with the best possible service.
   4. We will not pass your e-mail address to other trusted traders unless you agree.
   5. The type of information we will collect about you includes:
   6. your name, address, phone number, email address, credit/debit card detailsThe information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
   7. The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law and the Which? Web Trader Code.
   8. We do not hold any of your details electronically
   9. We do not use technology to track the patterns or behaviour of our customers
  10. If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should email us.
  11. We do not send any un-solicited mail, e-mail or marketing material
  
  
Privacy Statement

We are concerned about and are committed to protecting the privacy of you, our web site visitors. To that end, we have established this Privacy Policy as our commitment to maintain the privacy of your personal information in connection with all our online and Internet activities.

Use of Personal Information
We may gather information about you through our web site in three ways. First, we may collect and store some personally identifiable information (such as your name, telephone number, and e-mail address) that you provide to us through registration, meeting attendance, contests, or inquiries on this site. Second, we may collect and store information about your visit to this site in collective or aggregated data that does not identify you specifically. Third, we may collect and store information through the use of "cookies." The term "cookies" refers to lines of text that are transmitted to your web browser when you click on a site, providing a way for a server to recall a previous request or previous registration, or keep track of a transaction as it progresses, so that information does not have to be repeated. We use all of this information to help support our clubs and our members and to help make our web site useful to you.

Sharing Information
The information that we obtain from you is generally necessary for us to provide your services and to design new services for your future use. We will not sell, trade, or disclose to third parties personal information gathered online about you without your consent unless required to do so by law.
E-mail Communication
We may use e-mail to communicate to our members, respond to visitors' e-mails, or to inform you about events. We will not send commercial solicitation via e-mail to you.

Children
We do not market to or collect personal information about children under 13 years of age at this site.

Modifications
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time without notice in our sole discretion. Such modifications shall be effective when posted.



NZ
Privacy Policy

Names and contact details on this website are for the sole use of Toastmasters, and people interested in joining Toastmasters.

Information given in the directory is private. Individuals providing their names and contact details have NOT GIVEN authority for information to be used in any way whatsoever other than for Toastmaster purposes.

In particular, no person, Toastmaster or otherwise, is permitted to direct any mail or information to any person named on this website or in the Cdirectory unless it is directly related to that person's role as a Toastmasters Club or District Officer.

Breaches of this Privacy Policy will be viewed as a serious matter and action will be taken by the District Governor.


